I hope this e-mail finds you well I am writing to express my heartfelt appreciation for your exceptional efforts and contributions towards the successful completion of Phase I of our project. 
Your dedication and hard work have been instrumental in achieving our goals in Tableau, MicroStrategy (MSTR) and Dataiku development.

The collaborative spirit and commitment each one of you has shown is commendable. Your innovative ideas, meticulous attention to details,
and relentless pursuit of excellence have set a high standard for upcoming phases of our project.

We have learned a great deal from Phase I. The feedback and insights we have gathered are invaluable and will guide us as we plan and execute phase II. 
Our focus will be on leveraging these learnings to further improve our processes overcome challenges and deliver even better results.

As we embark on Phase II, I am confident that we will continue to work together as a cohesive unit, supporting and inspiring each other to reach new heights. 
Let's carry forward the momentum and the lessons learned from Phase I into the next phase of our project.

As part of the Phase II work and process improvement. I have attached an Excel file, which comprise following items in it.

1.	Project Progress using Gantt Chart. (This will also cover backend Data Engineering)
a.	It shows how a project breaks down into tasks.
b.	It provides information on when each task will begin and end.
c.	It tracks how work is progressing in project.
d.	It presents the full project schedule from start to finish.

2.	Individual task tracker. (This will also cover backend Data Engineering)
a.	It provides A centralised place to track all tasks, deadlines, and progress.
b.	It helps individuals prioritise their tasks and ensure that they are focusing on the most important ones.

3.	Feedback tracker.
a.	It helps to keep centralized repository to track all the feedbacks given by leads and stack holders.
b.	It helps improve the tool overall.

4.	Standard Operating procedures.
a.	SOPs function as checklist, saving time during routine operations.
b.	SOPs can be used to document tacit knowledge that may have only existed in minds.

5.	Escalation matrix
a.	Having clear escalation paths and responsibilities minimise delays and misunderstandings, ensuring that issues quickly reached to the appropriate level of expertise or authority.


Once again, thank you for your contributions your hard work and dedication are greatly appreciated 

Regards,
Avinash Gopinath

